SDCD-887: updating DORA setup documentation to include GitLab, which is in closed preview (#27931)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dora_metrics/setup/deployments.md

[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/github/
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "GitLab" %}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Datadog's GitLab integration is in closed preview.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Datadog's GitLab integration is in Preview.</div>
```

> To request access to Datadog's GitLab integration for your organization, reach out to [Datadog Support][1].

Reviewer: Suggest putting this in the div above.

Author: Updated! 😄

Author: @maycmlee Checking this page after the build completed, and it looks like the link no longer works when this line is in the div. Is there a way to work around that?

After your organization has access, follow the [GitLab installation guide][2].

> **Note**: The scope of the service account's personal access token needs to be at least **read_api**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The scope of the service account's personal access token needs to be at least `read_api`.
```

### Limitations

- Change lead time stage breakdown metrics are only available for GitHub and GitLab.

>   - The GitLab integration is in closed preview. Access can be requested [here][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The GitLab integration is in Preview. Contact [Datadog support][8] to request access.
```

### Limitations

- Change lead time stage breakdown metrics are only available for GitHub and GitLab.

>   - The GitLab integration is in Preview. Contact [Datadog support][8] to request access.

Reviewer 2: There's nothing wrong with this line being here, but I might suggest taking it out. It's a little hard to see, so when the GitLab integration goes GA, it might be easy to miss for the person taking the preview notes out! I noticed there was no callout in the GitLab tab that contained the schema version too, so I think just one note is okay instead of having to worry about maintaining three.
```suggestion
```

- Change lead time is not available for the first deployment of a service that includes Git information.
- The Change Lead Time calculation includes a maximum of 5000 commits per deployment.
- For rebased branches, *change lead time* calculations consider the new commits created during the rebase, not the original commits.
- When using "Squash" to merge pull requests:
  - For GitHub and GitLab: Metrics are emitted for the original commits.

>   - For other git providers: Metrics are emitted for the new commit added to the target branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - For other Git providers: Metrics are emitted for the new commit added to the target branch.
```
